README.md, before:

## Overview
This repository contains notebooks that are part of the production notebooks that run on Expanse.

* Development collection for production notebooks.
* Approved notebooks are copied from `notebooks-2024-staging`.
* Last update: 4/20/2024.

## Notebook Repository Table

| Repository           | Status   | Short Description                                                                 | Issues and Changes                                            |
|----------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Boring_Python        | Active   | A collection of 9 notebooks that cover basic Python topics such as functions, flow control, and math operations. | Expanse does not support packages in Python notebooks (Chapter 6 and 7). |
| PythonBasics         | Delete   | No longer needed.                                                                 | Marked for deletion.                                           |
| PythonSeries-master  | Delete   | Repository contains Python series examples. If you want to run the notebooks, follow this repo: [PythonSeries](https://github.com/sinkovit/PythonSeries). | Repository marked for deletion.                               |
| PyhonBas             | Inactive | Description of Repo2                                                              | Issue2, Change2                                               |
| Repo3                | Active   | Description of Repo3                                                              | Issue3, Change3                                               |

Commit message:

organized notebooks(pull out of folder/deleted)

README.md, after:

## Overview
This repository contains notebooks that are part of the production notebooks that run on Expanse.

* Development collection for production notebooks.
* Approved notebooks are copied from `notebooks-2024-staging`.
* Last update: 4/20/2024.

## Notebook Repository Table

| Repository           | Status   | Short Description                                                                 | Issues and Changes                                            |
|----------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|

| PythonBasics         | Delete   | No longer needed.                                                                 | Marked for deletion.                                           |
| dask_graphs.ipynb  | Active  | Repository contains Python series examples. If you want to run the notebooks, follow this repo: [PythonSeries](https://github.com/sinkovit/PythonSeries). | * |
| PyhonBas             | Inactive | Description of Repo2                                                              | Issue2, Change2                                               |
| Repo3                | Active   | Description of Repo3                                                              | Issue3, Change3                                               |

# Additional Notebooks for Referece
There were notebooks that were in the Expanse Github Repostiory but has been deleted cureny.But  you can take a look at the notebooks
for your curiousity. 

| Repository  | Description | Issues | Reference
| ------------- | ------------- |
|  Boring_Python | A collection of 9 notebooks that cover basic Python topics such as functions, flow control, and math operations. | Expanse does not support packages in Python notebooks (Chapter 6 and 7).  | [Boring_Python]https://automatetheboringstuff.com/
| PythonBasics  | A  |
